well howdy there internet people Isabel
again tonight's gonna be a little bit
different there's gonna be call to
action in this video something you don't
normally find in mine but this is
important headlines not a joke
a few minutes of your time can
potentially save half a million lives or
more this is one went down the ndaa the
Defense Department budget it has the
House version has an amendment called
the kana Gates amendment the Senate
version does not have a similar
provision they voted on it and it had a
majority of the votes but not enough to
pass so the two versions are different
has to go into conference the Senate
Armed Services Committee in the House
Armed Services Committee will decide
whether or not it stays in there we need
to make sure it does what the amendment
does is it forces President Trump to go
back to Congress to get authorization to
attack Iran I know if you're a student
of the Constitution you're going well
he's kind of supposed to do that anyway
right he is but over the years so much
power has been ceded to the executive
branch that if he can tie it in a way to
make it seem like previous authorization
for use of force apply he may not need
to he can make that decision
unilaterally without Congress now this
amendment will prohibit him from doing
that so we need to get on the phone
we need the email right tweet whatever
to those people on the Armed Services
committee's paying particular attention
to the Senate they had a majority of the
votes in both houses but not enough to
pass in the Senate this if they want to
reflect a representative democracy it
should stay at
this amendment is important okay if you
are a resistor this is your time to
resist if you are a Republican Kanna
Gates amendment that gates yeah your guy
this is widely supported by Republicans
as well it's a good amendment it needs
to stay in there if you're anti-war
should be obvious you you want this in
there if you're a veteran we don't need
another 20 to a day a war with Iran
would be very similar in intensity to a
war to the world with Iraq maybe even
more fierce and half a million people
that was the top that's how many people
lost their lives in that conflict
if Trump has to go back to Congress
before before launching a strike that's
going to force him to come up with a
good reason now I won't give it to Trump
he has done a good job and shown a
proper amount of restraint as far as
using military force but he is still
ratcheting up tensions and his positions
do change frequently so it's not a
position I'm feel comfortable that he's
going to continue to hold he may decide
tomorrow that it's time to attack Iran
we need to keep this amendment in there
konna Gates amendment this is your time
five minutes of your time can save
500,000 people's lives anyway it's just
a fault y'all have a good night